README.md, before:

# Inlegal Store 🏪

A unique web platform where users can discover and share legal things that surprisingly seem illegal. Ever done something totally legal but felt like you were breaking the law? This is the place to share those experiences!

## 📖 About The Project

Inlegal Store is a community-driven website that celebrates those quirky moments when perfectly legal activities feel oddly forbidden. From removing mattress tags to carrying large amounts of cash, users can list, browse, and vote on the most "inlegal" experiences.

### Key Features

- 📝 **List Submissions**: Share your legal-but-feels-illegal experiences
- 👍 **Community Voting**: Upvote the most relatable submissions
- 🔍 **Browse & Search**: Explore categories of inlegal activities
- 💬 **Comments & Discussions**: Engage with the community
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on all devices

## 🚀 Built With

<!-- Update these based on your actual tech stack -->
- Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- Backend: [Node.js / Python / PHP / etc.]
- Database: [MongoDB / MySQL / PostgreSQL / etc.]
- Framework: [React / Express / Django / etc.]

## 📋 Prerequisites

<!-- Update based on your requirements -->
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- [Database system you're using]

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store.git
cd Inlegal_store
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration
```

4. Set up the database
```bash
# Add your database setup commands
```

5. Start the development server
```bash
npm start
```

6. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## 💡 Usage

1. **Browse Listings**: Explore the homepage to see what others have posted
2. **Submit Your Own**: Click "Add New" to share your inlegal experience
3. **Vote & Engage**: Upvote relatable posts and join the conversation
4. **Search**: Use filters to find specific categories or keywords

## 📸 Screenshots

<!-- Add screenshots of your website -->
![Homepage](screenshots/homepage.png)
![Submission Page](screenshots/submit.png)

## 🎯 Project Goals

This project was developed as a college assignment to demonstrate:
- Full-stack web development skills
- User authentication and authorization
- Database design and management
- Responsive UI/UX design
- Community engagement features

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a college project, but we welcome feedback and suggestions!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 👥 Team Members

- [@the-carnage](https://github.com/the-carnage)
- [@Aniruddh-13](https://github.com/Aniruddh-14)
- [Add other team members
]

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📧 Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store](https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Thanks to our college professors for guidance
- Inspired by the viral "legal but feels illegal" social media trends
- [Add any other acknowledgments, libraries, or resources you used]

---

⭐ If you find this project interesting, please give it a star!

## 📚 Project Status

Currently in development as part of our college coursework. Last updated: [Add date]

Commit message:

Rename store to Zero Proof Hub

README.md, after:

# Zero Proof Hub 🏪

A unique web platform where users can discover and share legal things that surprisingly seem illegal. Ever done something totally legal but felt like you were breaking the law? This is the place to share those experiences!

## 📖 About The Project

Zero Proof Hub is a community-driven website that celebrates those quirky moments when perfectly legal activities feel oddly forbidden. From removing mattress tags to carrying large amounts of cash, users can list, browse, and vote on the most "inlegal" experiences.

### Key Features

- 📝 **List Submissions**: Share your legal-but-feels-illegal experiences
- 👍 **Community Voting**: Upvote the most relatable submissions
- 🔍 **Browse & Search**: Explore categories of inlegal activities
- 💬 **Comments & Discussions**: Engage with the community
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on all devices

## 🚀 Built With

<!-- Update these based on your actual tech stack -->
- Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- Backend: [Node.js / Python / PHP / etc.]
- Database: [MongoDB / MySQL / PostgreSQL / etc.]
- Framework: [React / Express / Django / etc.]

## 📋 Prerequisites

<!-- Update based on your requirements -->
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- [Database system you're using]

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store.git
cd Inlegal_store
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration
```

4. Set up the database
```bash
# Add your database setup commands
```

5. Start the development server
```bash
npm start
```

6. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## 💡 Usage

1. **Browse Listings**: Explore the homepage to see what others have posted
2. **Submit Your Own**: Click "Add New" to share your inlegal experience
3. **Vote & Engage**: Upvote relatable posts and join the conversation
4. **Search**: Use filters to find specific categories or keywords

## 📸 Screenshots

<!-- Add screenshots of your website -->
![Homepage](screenshots/homepage.png)
![Submission Page](screenshots/submit.png)

## 🎯 Project Goals

This project was developed as a college assignment to demonstrate:
- Full-stack web development skills
- User authentication and authorization
- Database design and management
- Responsive UI/UX design
- Community engagement features

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a college project, but we welcome feedback and suggestions!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 👥 Team Members

- [@the-carnage](https://github.com/the-carnage)
- [@Aniruddh-13](https://github.com/Aniruddh-14)
- [Add other team members
]

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📧 Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store](https://github.com/the-carnage/Inlegal_store)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Thanks to our college professors for guidance
- Inspired by the viral "legal but feels illegal" social media trends
- [Add any other acknowledgments, libraries, or resources you used]

---

⭐ If you find this project interesting, please give it a star!

## 📚 Project Status

Currently in development as part of our college coursework. Last updated: [Add date]
